Tuna was in the middle of what seemed like a forest. It was dark, and she couldn't see anything but the moon shining through the trees.  Tuna was shivering, as it was late fall, and she was hoping to get out of the forest soon.
Just a week before Tuna had received a Discord message. It was from CND#9904. It read:.

Hi Tuna!
I've really appreciated all the support, and it would be nice to meet you IRL!
I'm hosting a private party in Madison with some good friends and mods of the Discord.
If you can join please meet me at Hoyt Park, we'll have lots of fun outside.
-AlexCND.

Tuna was delighted, and begged her parents to take her. After many days of pleading her parents finally gave up. After that everything fell into place and she was in Wisconsin.
She was quickly dropped off at Hoyt Park and happily skipped  into the park. She thought it was a bit odd that he also messaged her to come this late at night, but she didn't question it further as she thought she was lucky enough to be invited.
She walked deep into the park calling for Alex, but it was futile with no sign of him.
"Is he really late at his own party, how embarrassing!" thought Tuna.

After what felt like an eternity, she was still searching for him.
She decided that he would take a while and sat down a rock.
"Maybe he just ran into some major traffic," thought Tuna once again.
As she began to doze off, she saw a shadow in the corner of her eye.
"Is that Alex? I'm too tired now to check."
She thought nice thoughts about Alex, and other randumb things, and fell asleep.
But she did see one last thing: the shadow again.

~~~

She started waking up, and noticed something was a bit off... As she kept gaining clarity she started to notice things:.
-A TV.
-A laptop.
-A couch.
-A switch.
-Her hands were bound together.
-A VR headset.
-Two more computers.
-A marimba.
-A hole in her skin, she had been drugged.
-An orange cat.
-A figure looming over her.

"WHO--WHO ARE YOU!?" Tuna yelled.
The figure slowly took off his hood revealing a plump face with blond hair, he was grinning.
"I am... Ethan".
He reached into his panda hoodie and pulled out something faintly shining. He pointed it at Tuna. She could see it now, it was a knife.
"I've been waiting forever for you to notice me Tuna, but all you ever pay attention to is AlexCND. I've sent you message after message after message, yet you never acknowledge my feeling for you. Well today, theres no Alex, no Discord, nothing to distract you from ME!"
"First we'll take off those hands of yours that you used to message Alex"
Ethan first snatched up her hands and put them in a death grip. Then he took his knife and rested the blade on her wrists. First it was gentle but it was harder and harder! She saw blood running down her wrists and dripping onto the floor.
"This is what you get!"
Ethan raised his knife into the air, winding up for a brutal attack. Then he brought the blade down. Tuna let out a scream, but there was no one to listen to it but Ethan. He lifted up his knife and brought it down again and again. He was able to see bone at this point. Tuna was wailing at this point at the excruciating pain, but there was no sign of stopping. He hacked again and again until her hands were completely off. Ethan squeezed the hands and put them in his pocket for safekeeping.
"STOP!" begged Tuna, but there was no changing Ethan mind.
Next he began thrusting his knife into her legs, this was his next target. Tuna squirmed, desperately trying to run away, but Ethan would not let her go. He took her leg and began pulling it from her, putting one foot on her body to help rip it off. This body part too soon gave way as Ethan proudly held it as if it was a trophy. He gripped it and while still holding Tuna down with his foot began to hold the foot of the leg as if he was about to play baseball. Then he whacked Tuna in the face with the exposed gore side of the leg as blood, skin, and muscle flew off onto her face, and since she was wailing some flew into her mouth. Tuna quickly tried to spit it out, but Ethan took her skull in one hand and her jaw in the other, dropping the leg onto the ground staining the carpet. He then shut her mouth by force. Tuna could feel pieces of herself in her mouth, and she tried to vomit. Ethan then moved her jaw up and down, forcing her to chew on it. Then Ethan duct taped her mouth shut, ensuring she would eventually have to swallow it. She against her will did.
Ethan had no worry of her running away now, since she only had one leg left. He stopped crushing her with his foot and released her, but the best she could manage was to flop onto her stomach and move a couple of inches. Ethan reaches over and put his hands on both sides of her waist. He then grabbed and ripped of her pants. This was easy for him, as one of the legs of the pants was ripped off with her leg. He next slowly lifted her shirt, which took more effort since she had two arms, but still no hands to stop him. Finally Ethan gently put his hands on tunas back and began undoing her bra. He also quickly took off her underwear, and flipped her once again to face him. Her boobs were perky, and her lips were cute. Ethan was ready to attack. Tuna had two streams of water streaming down her eyes, this is what broke her, as she finally stopped struggling. Not a thought was on Ethan's mind of himself entering her, no he was crafty.
He grasped one tit in his hand and studied it, as Tuna quivered, he noted it was soft. Still gripping it he took hit knife and made a hole on each side of her tit. He reached into the hole and yanked out some fat and tissue, it was quite slimey in his hand. He took her hands out of his pocket, and stuffed the bloody, slimey mix into her hands. He then closed the hands again and brought them to her pussy, and her asshole. First he pulled open her vagina with two fingers, she naturally resisted, and put one of her fists at the entrance. First it was a gentle push, but then it slowly became harder and harder as he tried to force her hand into herself. With enough push, her pussy finally stretched wide enough for her hand to fit in. Blood trickled out, this was her first and it broke her hymen, and her vagina was stretched further then it should, and her body couldn't take it. Ethan saw a little bit of fat fall out of her pussy as it trembled, naturally trying to get it out. Next was her anus. He went with the same routine, he began to spread her cheeks, and with all of his might, the second hand was gone. Next to make sure he had really done a good job, he grabbed the leg from the floor. He angled her foot towards her vagina and then pushed the hand deeper with her foot. A bit more blood got on Ethan's hands, and on his panda onesie, but it was so worth it. Tuna yelped from behind her duct tape from the sheer pain. It felt like her vagina was going to be ripped apart. Ethan left the foot inside her.
Ethan stroked her clit, planning his next viscous move. He took his knife and rested it on her clit. Then he began moving the knife back and forth in a sawing motion. He cut into it. Tuna was shaking from this and tried to go into a fetal position to no use. Ethan kept on sawing and the clit was attached by only a small string of flesh. Ethan yanked it off. Ethan put the small, easy to lose clit in his hand, and rolled it there, getting a feel for it. His hands were stained red from this action. He slowly peeled of the duct tape from her mouth. Tuna was struggling not to make a sound, but she dared not open her mouth at this point. Ethan cupped some blood in his other hand from her leg wound, and accidentally got bits of muscle in it. He used the blood to wipe the tape residue off her mouth and then forced her mouth open. Then he put the clit in her small mouth and one again forced her to chew it, and held it closed until she swallowed.
Ethan then positioned his knife at her soft belly. He was really getting to the good stuff now. Tuna's eyes instantly widened. Ethan raised the knife and then plunged it down into Tuna. He then began cutting out a circle. Tuna, now with the ability to talk once again, screamed as loudly as she could. Ethan then took cut the circle of flesh to reveal his reward. Ethan reached his hand in and moved her bladder to the side. He found his goal. He took a firm grasp of her uterus and ripped it out of her with bits of flesh, muscle and more flying every where as he got it out. Ethan then once again reached down once again and scoop out her intestines. Her intestines were severely bloated from her hands being stuffed into her, and the knife had cut into the intestines so feces began to poke out and fall out. Ethan took each end of the intestines in each of his hands and began to wrap it around Tuna's neck. Ethan began to strangle tuna with her own intestines and she began to struggle for air. It didn't matter as she would die from lack of organs if she did survive. Tuna was dead by this point, and her struggle and suffering had finally stopped. Her eyes glazed over looking at the ceiling. Tuna had taken her final breath.
Ethan walked over to the end of his couch and grabbed his old laptop. He wasn't planning on using it for it's original purpose anytime soon, so he decided to made use of it. He walked over to Tuna's corpse with her intestine necklace, and began beating at her head repeatedly with his laptop. Again, again, and again he brutally attacked her. Eventually her skull was cracked open again her brain and fractures skull made a fine soup. He began excavating this magic mixture out of her skull and began to shove it into her uterus. Soon her uterus was bloated from it's new stuffing. He pried open her dead mouth and put the uterus inside. Next he lifted his knife for the last time and chopped off her head with some resistance. He lifted up her head, now flowing like a fountain with blood as it spilled all over. He delicately put the head where her uterus was and was ready to begin his operation. He pushed her head towards her pussy. Trying to make it come out. At the point Ethan could feel the burn in his muscles, and suddenly he heard a crack. He done it. He had broken her pelvic bone. Her hair began to poke out through her pussy and suddenly it was torn in half. She had successfully gone through herself.
Ethan was done with his job, and wiped the sweat and blood off his brow. He was proud of his work, and he was ready to go back to beat saber. Hopefully he didn't step on her as he was playing!